docs/source/guide/start.md, before:

---
title: Start Label Studio
type: guide
order: 206
meta_title: Start Commands for Label Studio
meta_description: Documentation for starting Label Studio and configuring the environment to use Label Studio with your machine learning or data science project. 
---

After you install Label Studio, start the server to start using it. 

```bash
label-studio start
```

By default, Label Studio starts with a SQLite database to store labeling tasks and annotations. You can specify different source and target storage for labeling tasks and annotations using Label Studio UI or the API. See [Database storage](storedata.html) for more.

## Command line arguments for starting Label Studio
You can specify a machine learning backend and other options using the command line interface. Run `label-studio --help` to see all available options, or refer to the following tables.

Some available commands for Label Studio provide information or start the Label Studio server:

| Command |  Description |
| --- | ---- |
| `label-studio` | Start the Label Studio server. |
| `label-studio -h` `label-studio --help` | Display available command line arguments. |
| `label-studio init <project_name> <optional_arguments>` | Initialize a specific project in Label Studio. |
| `label-studio start <project_name> --init <optional_arguments>` | Start the Label Studio server and initialize a specific project. |
| `label-studio reset_password` | Reset the password for a specific Label Studio username. See [Create user accounts for Label Studio](signup.html). |
| `label-studio shell` | Get access to a shell for Label Studio to manipulate data directly. See documentation for the Django [shell-plus command](https://django-extensions.readthedocs.io/en/latest/shell_plus.html). |
| `label-studio version` | Show the version of Label Studio and then terminates.
| `label-studio user --username <email>` | Show the user info with token.

The following command line arguments are optional and must be specified with `label-studio start <argument> <value>` or as an environment variable when you set up the environment to host Label Studio:

| Command line argument | Environment variable | Default | Description |
| --- | ---- | --- | ---- |
| `-b`, `--no-browser` | N/A | `False` | Do not automatically open a web browser when starting Label Studio. |
| `-db` `--database` | `LABEL_STUDIO_DATABASE` | `label_studio.sqlite3` | Specify the database file path for storing labeling tasks and annotations. See [Database storage](install.html#Database_storage). |
| `--data-dir` | `LABEL_STUDIO_BASE_DATA_DIR` | OS-specific | Directory to use to store all application-related data. |
| `-d` `--debug` | N/A | `False` | Enable debug mode for troubleshooting Label Studio. |
| `-c` `--config` | `CONFIG_PATH` | `default_config.json` | Deprecated, do not use. Specify the path to the server configuration for Label Studio. |
| `-l` `--label-config` | `LABEL_STUDIO_LABEL_CONFIG` | `None` | Path to the label configuration file for a specific Label Studio project. See [Set up your labeling project](setup.html). |
| `--ml-backends` | `LABEL_STUDIO_ML_BACKENDS` | `None` | Command line argument is deprecated. Specify the URLs for one or more machine learning backends. See [Set up machine learning with your labeling process](ml.html). |
| `--sampling` | N/A | `sequential` | Specify one of sequential or uniform to define the order for labeling tasks. See [Set up task sampling for your project](start.html#Set_up_task_sampling_for_your_project) on this page. |
| `--log-level` | N/A | `ERROR` | One of DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, or ERROR. Use to specify the logging level for the Label Studio server. |
| `-p` `--port` | `LABEL_STUDIO_PORT` | `8080` | Specify the web server port for Label Studio. Defaults to 8080. See [Run Label Studio on localhost with a different port](start.html#Run-Label-Studio-on-localhost-with-a-different-port) on this page. |
| `--host` | `LABEL_STUDIO_HOST` | `''` | Specify the hostname to use to generate links for imported labeling tasks or static loading requirements. Leave empty to make all paths relative to the root domain. For example, specify `"https://77.42.77.42:1234"` or `"http://ls.example.com/subdomain/"`. See [Run Label Studio with an external domain name](start.html#Run-Label-Studio-with-an-external-domain-name) on this page. |
| `--cert` | `LABEL_STUDIO_CERT_FILE` | `None` | Deprecated, do not use. Certificate file to use to access Label Studio over HTTPS. Must be in PEM format. See [Run Label Studio with HTTPS](start.html#Run-Label-Studio-with-HTTPS) on this page. | 
| `--key` | `LABEL_STUDIO_KEY_FILE` | `None` | Deprecated, do not use. Private key file for HTTPS connection. Must be in PEM format. See [Run Label Studio with HTTPS](start.html#Run-Label-Studio-with-HTTPS) on this page. |
| `--initial-project-description` | `LABEL_STUDIO_PROJECT_DESC` | `''` | Specify a project description for a Label Studio project. See [Set up your labeling project](setup.html). |
| `--password` | `LABEL_STUDIO_PASSWORD` | `None` | Password to use for the default user. See [Set up user accounts](signup.html). |
| `--username` | `LABEL_STUDIO_USERNAME` | `default_user@localhost` | Username to use for the default user. See [Set up user accounts](signup.html). |
| `--user-token` |  `LABEL_STUDIO_USER_TOKEN` | Automatically generated. | Authentication token for a user to use for the API. Must be set with a username, otherwise automatically generated. See [Set up user accounts](signup.html).
| `--agree-fix-sqlite` | N/A | `False` | Automatically agree to let Label Studio fix SQLite issues when using Python 3.6–3.8 on Windows operating systems. | 
| N/A | `LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED` | `False` | Allow Label Studio to access local file directories to import storage. See [Run Label Studio on Docker and use local storage](start.html#Run_Label_Studio_on_Docker_and_use_local_storage). |
| N/A | `LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_DOCUMENT_ROOT` | `/` | Specify the root directory for Label Studio to use when accessing local file directories. See [Run Label Studio on Docker and use local storage](start.html#Run_Label_Studio_on_Docker_and_use_local_storage). |

### Set environment variables
How you set environment variables depends on the operating system and the environment in which you deploy Label Studio. 

In *nix operating systems, you can set environment variables from the command line or with an environment setup file. For example:
```bash
export LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED=true
```
You can also use an `.env` file. 

On Windows, you can use the following syntax:
```bash
set LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED=true
```

To check if you set an environment variable successfully, run the following on *nix operating systems:
```bash
echo $LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED
```

Or the following on Windows operating systems:
```bash
echo %LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED%
```

## Run Label Studio on localhost with a different port
By default, Label Studio runs on port 8080. If that port is already in use or if you want to specify a different port, start Label Studio with the following command:
```bash
label-studio start --port <port>
```

For example, start Label Studio on port 9001:
```bash
label-studio start --port 9001
```

Or, set the following environment variable:
```
LABEL_STUDIO_PORT = 9001
```

## Run Label Studio on Docker with a different port

To run Label Studio on Docker with a port other than the default of 8080, use the port argument when starting Label Studio on Docker. For example, to start Label Studio in a Docker container accessible with port 9001, run the following: 
```bash
docker run -it -p 9001:8080 -v `pwd`/mydata:/label-studio/data heartexlabs/label-studio:latest label-studio
```

Or, if you're using Docker Compose, update the `docker-compose.yml` file that you're using to expose a different port for the NGINX server used to proxy the connection to Label Studio. For example, this portion of the [`docker-compose.yml`](https://github.com/heartexlabs/label-studio/blob/master/docker-compose.yml) file exposes port 9001 instead of port 80 for proxying Label Studio:
```
...
nginx:
    image: nginx:latest
    ports:
      - 9001:80
    depends_on:
      - app
...
```

## Run Label Studio on Docker with a host and sub-path

To run Label Studio on Docker with a host and sub-path, you can refer to the example of nginx config `deploy/nginx/subpath.example.conf`. Just modify this NGINX configuration file and replace all entries of `/foo` to required sub-path. Also, it's necessary to pass new config file and `LABEL_STUDIO_HOST` env variable with sub-path to docker-compose:
```
NGINX_FILE=subpath.example.conf LABEL_STUDIO_HOST=http://localhost:8080/foo docker-compose up -d
```

## Run Label Studio on Docker and use local storage
To run Label Studio on Docker and reference persistent local storage directories, mount those directories as volumes when you start Label Studio and specify any environment variables you need.

The following command starts a Docker container with the latest image of Label Studio with port 8080 and an environment variable that allows Label Studio to access local files. In this example, a local directory `./myfiles` is mounted to the `/label-studio/files` location. 
```bash
docker run -it -p 8080:8080 -v `pwd`/mydata:/label-studio/data \
--env LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED=true \ 
--env LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_DOCUMENT_ROOT=/label-studio/files \ 
-v `pwd`/myfiles:/label-studio/files \
heartexlabs/label-studio:latest label-studio
```

By specifying the environment variable `LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_DOCUMENT_ROOT=/label-studio/files`, Label Studio only scans this directory for local files. It's highly recommended to explicitly specify a `LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_DOCUMENT_ROOT` path to secure the volume access from the Docker container to your local machine.

Place files in the specified source directory (`./myfiles` in this example) and reference that directory when you set up [local storage](storage.html#Local_storage). For more information about using volume mounts in Docker, see the [Docker documentation on volumes](https://docs.docker.com/storage/volumes/).  

If you're using Docker Compose, specify the volumes in the Docker Compose YAML file and add the relevant environment variables to the app container. For more about specifying volumes in Docker Compose, see the volumes section of the [Docker Compose file documentation](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/compose-file-v3/#volumes).

## Run Label Studio with HTTPS
To run Label Studio with HTTPS and access the web server using HTTPS in the browser, use NGINX or another web server to run HTTPS for Label Studio.  



## Run Label Studio on the cloud using Heroku
To run Label Studio on the cloud using Heroku, specify an environment variable so that Label Studio loads. 

```
LABEL_STUDIO_HOST
```

If you want, you can specify a different hostname for Label Studio, but you don't need to.

To run Label Studio with Heroku and use PostgreSQL as the [database storage](storedata.html), specify the PostgreSQL environment variables required as part of the Heroku environment variable `DATABASE_URL`. For example, to specify a PostgreSQL database hosted on Amazon:
```
DATABASE_URL = postgres://username:password@hostname.compute.amazonaws.com:5432/dbname
```
Then you can specify the required environment variables for a PostgreSQL connection as config variables. See [Database storage](storedata.html).

<!--
## Run Label Studio on the cloud using a different cloud provider
To run Label Studio on the cloud using a cloud provider such as Google Cloud Services (GCS), Amazon Web Services (AWS), or Microsoft Azure, 
-->
## Run Label Studio with an external domain name

If you want multiple people to collaborate on a project, you might want to run Label Studio with an external domain name. 

To do that, use the `host` parameter when you start Label Studio. These parameters ensure that the correct URLs are created when importing resource files (images, audio, etc) and generating labeling tasks.   

There are several possible ways to run Label Studio with an external domain name.
 
- Replace the `host` parameter in the file which you specified with `--config` option. If you don't use `--config` then edit `label_studio/utils/schema/default_config.json` in the Label Studio package directory.
- Specify the parameters when you start Label Studio: `label-studio start --host http://your.domain.com/ls-root`.
- Specify the parameters as environment variables `HOST` especially when setting up Docker: `HOST=https://your.domain.com:7777`. 

Or, you can use environment variables:
```
LABEL_STUDIO_HOST = https://subdomain.example.com:7777
```

You must specify the protocol for the domain name: `http://` or `https://`

If your external host has a port, specify the port as part of the host name. 

## Set up task sampling for your project 

When you start Label Studio, you can control the order in which tasks are exposed to annotators for a specific project.  

For example, to create a project with sequential task ordering for annotators:
```bash
label-studio start <project_name> --sampling sequential
```

The following table lists the available sampling options: 

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- | 
| sequential | Default. Tasks are shown to annotators in ascending order by the `id` field. |
| uniform | Tasks are sampled with equal probabilities. |
| prediction-score-min | Tasks with the minimum average prediction score are shown to annotators. To use this option, you must also include predictions data in the task data that you import into Label Studio. |

You can also use the API to set up sampling for a specific project. Send a PATCH request to the `/api/projects/<project_id>` endpoint to set sampling for the specified project. See the [API reference for projects](/api#operation/projects_partial_update). 

Individual annotators can also control the order in which they label tasks by adjusting the filtering and ordering of labeling tasks in the Label Studio UI. See [Set up your labeling project](setup.html).

Commit message:

Configure label-studio subpath automatically
Update docs

docs/source/guide/start.md, after:

---
title: Start Label Studio
type: guide
order: 206
meta_title: Start Commands for Label Studio
meta_description: Documentation for starting Label Studio and configuring the environment to use Label Studio with your machine learning or data science project. 
---

After you install Label Studio, start the server to start using it. 

```bash
label-studio start
```

By default, Label Studio starts with a SQLite database to store labeling tasks and annotations. You can specify different source and target storage for labeling tasks and annotations using Label Studio UI or the API. See [Database storage](storedata.html) for more.

## Command line arguments for starting Label Studio
You can specify a machine learning backend and other options using the command line interface. Run `label-studio --help` to see all available options, or refer to the following tables.

Some available commands for Label Studio provide information or start the Label Studio server:

| Command |  Description |
| --- | ---- |
| `label-studio` | Start the Label Studio server. |
| `label-studio -h` `label-studio --help` | Display available command line arguments. |
| `label-studio init <project_name> <optional_arguments>` | Initialize a specific project in Label Studio. |
| `label-studio start <project_name> --init <optional_arguments>` | Start the Label Studio server and initialize a specific project. |
| `label-studio reset_password` | Reset the password for a specific Label Studio username. See [Create user accounts for Label Studio](signup.html). |
| `label-studio shell` | Get access to a shell for Label Studio to manipulate data directly. See documentation for the Django [shell-plus command](https://django-extensions.readthedocs.io/en/latest/shell_plus.html). |
| `label-studio version` | Show the version of Label Studio and then terminates.
| `label-studio user --username <email>` | Show the user info with token.

The following command line arguments are optional and must be specified with `label-studio start <argument> <value>` or as an environment variable when you set up the environment to host Label Studio:

| Command line argument | Environment variable | Default | Description |
| --- | ---- | --- | ---- |
| `-b`, `--no-browser` | N/A | `False` | Do not automatically open a web browser when starting Label Studio. |
| `-db` `--database` | `LABEL_STUDIO_DATABASE` | `label_studio.sqlite3` | Specify the database file path for storing labeling tasks and annotations. See [Database storage](install.html#Database_storage). |
| `--data-dir` | `LABEL_STUDIO_BASE_DATA_DIR` | OS-specific | Directory to use to store all application-related data. |
| `-d` `--debug` | N/A | `False` | Enable debug mode for troubleshooting Label Studio. |
| `-c` `--config` | `CONFIG_PATH` | `default_config.json` | Deprecated, do not use. Specify the path to the server configuration for Label Studio. |
| `-l` `--label-config` | `LABEL_STUDIO_LABEL_CONFIG` | `None` | Path to the label configuration file for a specific Label Studio project. See [Set up your labeling project](setup.html). |
| `--ml-backends` | `LABEL_STUDIO_ML_BACKENDS` | `None` | Command line argument is deprecated. Specify the URLs for one or more machine learning backends. See [Set up machine learning with your labeling process](ml.html). |
| `--sampling` | N/A | `sequential` | Specify one of sequential or uniform to define the order for labeling tasks. See [Set up task sampling for your project](start.html#Set_up_task_sampling_for_your_project) on this page. |
| `--log-level` | N/A | `ERROR` | One of DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, or ERROR. Use to specify the logging level for the Label Studio server. |
| `-p` `--port` | `LABEL_STUDIO_PORT` | `8080` | Specify the web server port for Label Studio. Defaults to 8080. See [Run Label Studio on localhost with a different port](start.html#Run-Label-Studio-on-localhost-with-a-different-port) on this page. |
| `--host` | `LABEL_STUDIO_HOST` | `''` | Specify the hostname to use to generate links for imported labeling tasks or static loading requirements. Leave empty to make all paths relative to the root domain. For example, specify `"https://77.42.77.42:1234"` or `"http://ls.example.com/subdomain/"`. See [Run Label Studio with an external domain name](start.html#Run-Label-Studio-with-an-external-domain-name) on this page. |
| `--cert` | `LABEL_STUDIO_CERT_FILE` | `None` | Deprecated, do not use. Certificate file to use to access Label Studio over HTTPS. Must be in PEM format. See [Run Label Studio with HTTPS](start.html#Run-Label-Studio-with-HTTPS) on this page. | 
| `--key` | `LABEL_STUDIO_KEY_FILE` | `None` | Deprecated, do not use. Private key file for HTTPS connection. Must be in PEM format. See [Run Label Studio with HTTPS](start.html#Run-Label-Studio-with-HTTPS) on this page. |
| `--initial-project-description` | `LABEL_STUDIO_PROJECT_DESC` | `''` | Specify a project description for a Label Studio project. See [Set up your labeling project](setup.html). |
| `--password` | `LABEL_STUDIO_PASSWORD` | `None` | Password to use for the default user. See [Set up user accounts](signup.html). |
| `--username` | `LABEL_STUDIO_USERNAME` | `default_user@localhost` | Username to use for the default user. See [Set up user accounts](signup.html). |
| `--user-token` |  `LABEL_STUDIO_USER_TOKEN` | Automatically generated. | Authentication token for a user to use for the API. Must be set with a username, otherwise automatically generated. See [Set up user accounts](signup.html).
| `--agree-fix-sqlite` | N/A | `False` | Automatically agree to let Label Studio fix SQLite issues when using Python 3.6–3.8 on Windows operating systems. | 
| N/A | `LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED` | `False` | Allow Label Studio to access local file directories to import storage. See [Run Label Studio on Docker and use local storage](start.html#Run_Label_Studio_on_Docker_and_use_local_storage). |
| N/A | `LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_DOCUMENT_ROOT` | `/` | Specify the root directory for Label Studio to use when accessing local file directories. See [Run Label Studio on Docker and use local storage](start.html#Run_Label_Studio_on_Docker_and_use_local_storage). |

### Set environment variables
How you set environment variables depends on the operating system and the environment in which you deploy Label Studio. 

In *nix operating systems, you can set environment variables from the command line or with an environment setup file. For example:
```bash
export LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED=true
```
You can also use an `.env` file. 

On Windows, you can use the following syntax:
```bash
set LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED=true
```

To check if you set an environment variable successfully, run the following on *nix operating systems:
```bash
echo $LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED
```

Or the following on Windows operating systems:
```bash
echo %LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED%
```

## Run Label Studio on localhost with a different port
By default, Label Studio runs on port 8080. If that port is already in use or if you want to specify a different port, start Label Studio with the following command:
```bash
label-studio start --port <port>
```

For example, start Label Studio on port 9001:
```bash
label-studio start --port 9001
```

Or, set the following environment variable:
```
LABEL_STUDIO_PORT = 9001
```

## Run Label Studio on Docker with a different port

To run Label Studio on Docker with a port other than the default of 8080, use the port argument when starting Label Studio on Docker. For example, to start Label Studio in a Docker container accessible with port 9001, run the following: 
```bash
docker run -it -p 9001:8080 -v `pwd`/mydata:/label-studio/data heartexlabs/label-studio:latest label-studio
```

Or, if you're using Docker Compose, update the `docker-compose.yml` file that you're using to expose a different port for the NGINX server used to proxy the connection to Label Studio. For example, this portion of the [`docker-compose.yml`](https://github.com/heartexlabs/label-studio/blob/master/docker-compose.yml) file exposes port 9001 instead of port 80 for proxying Label Studio:
```
...
nginx:
    image: nginx:latest
    ports:
      - 9001:80
    depends_on:
      - app
...
```

## Run Label Studio on Docker with a host and sub-path

To run Label Studio on Docker with a host and sub-path, just pass `LABEL_STUDIO_HOST` env variable with sub-path to docker/docker-compose:
NOTE: trailing slash at the end of subdomain is mandatory.
```
LABEL_STUDIO_HOST=http://localhost:8080/foo/ docker-compose up -d
```

## Run Label Studio on Docker and use local storage
To run Label Studio on Docker and reference persistent local storage directories, mount those directories as volumes when you start Label Studio and specify any environment variables you need.

The following command starts a Docker container with the latest image of Label Studio with port 8080 and an environment variable that allows Label Studio to access local files. In this example, a local directory `./myfiles` is mounted to the `/label-studio/files` location. 
```bash
docker run -it -p 8080:8080 -v `pwd`/mydata:/label-studio/data \
--env LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_SERVING_ENABLED=true \ 
--env LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_DOCUMENT_ROOT=/label-studio/files \ 
-v `pwd`/myfiles:/label-studio/files \
heartexlabs/label-studio:latest label-studio
```

By specifying the environment variable `LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_DOCUMENT_ROOT=/label-studio/files`, Label Studio only scans this directory for local files. It's highly recommended to explicitly specify a `LABEL_STUDIO_LOCAL_FILES_DOCUMENT_ROOT` path to secure the volume access from the Docker container to your local machine.

Place files in the specified source directory (`./myfiles` in this example) and reference that directory when you set up [local storage](storage.html#Local_storage). For more information about using volume mounts in Docker, see the [Docker documentation on volumes](https://docs.docker.com/storage/volumes/).  

If you're using Docker Compose, specify the volumes in the Docker Compose YAML file and add the relevant environment variables to the app container. For more about specifying volumes in Docker Compose, see the volumes section of the [Docker Compose file documentation](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/compose-file-v3/#volumes).

## Run Label Studio with HTTPS
To run Label Studio with HTTPS and access the web server using HTTPS in the browser, use NGINX or another web server to run HTTPS for Label Studio.  



## Run Label Studio on the cloud using Heroku
To run Label Studio on the cloud using Heroku, specify an environment variable so that Label Studio loads. 

```
LABEL_STUDIO_HOST
```

If you want, you can specify a different hostname for Label Studio, but you don't need to.

To run Label Studio with Heroku and use PostgreSQL as the [database storage](storedata.html), specify the PostgreSQL environment variables required as part of the Heroku environment variable `DATABASE_URL`. For example, to specify a PostgreSQL database hosted on Amazon:
```
DATABASE_URL = postgres://username:password@hostname.compute.amazonaws.com:5432/dbname
```
Then you can specify the required environment variables for a PostgreSQL connection as config variables. See [Database storage](storedata.html).

<!--
## Run Label Studio on the cloud using a different cloud provider
To run Label Studio on the cloud using a cloud provider such as Google Cloud Services (GCS), Amazon Web Services (AWS), or Microsoft Azure, 
-->
## Run Label Studio with an external domain name

If you want multiple people to collaborate on a project, you might want to run Label Studio with an external domain name. 

To do that, use the `host` parameter when you start Label Studio. These parameters ensure that the correct URLs are created when importing resource files (images, audio, etc) and generating labeling tasks.   

There are several possible ways to run Label Studio with an external domain name.
 
- Replace the `host` parameter in the file which you specified with `--config` option. If you don't use `--config` then edit `label_studio/utils/schema/default_config.json` in the Label Studio package directory.
- Specify the parameters when you start Label Studio: `label-studio start --host http://your.domain.com/ls-root`.
- Specify the parameters as environment variables `HOST` especially when setting up Docker: `HOST=https://your.domain.com:7777`. 

Or, you can use environment variables:
```
LABEL_STUDIO_HOST = https://subdomain.example.com:7777
```

You must specify the protocol for the domain name: `http://` or `https://`

If your external host has a port, specify the port as part of the host name. 

## Set up task sampling for your project 

When you start Label Studio, you can control the order in which tasks are exposed to annotators for a specific project.  

For example, to create a project with sequential task ordering for annotators:
```bash
label-studio start <project_name> --sampling sequential
```

The following table lists the available sampling options: 

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- | 
| sequential | Default. Tasks are shown to annotators in ascending order by the `id` field. |
| uniform | Tasks are sampled with equal probabilities. |
| prediction-score-min | Tasks with the minimum average prediction score are shown to annotators. To use this option, you must also include predictions data in the task data that you import into Label Studio. |

You can also use the API to set up sampling for a specific project. Send a PATCH request to the `/api/projects/<project_id>` endpoint to set sampling for the specified project. See the [API reference for projects](/api#operation/projects_partial_update). 

Individual annotators can also control the order in which they label tasks by adjusting the filtering and ordering of labeling tasks in the Label Studio UI. See [Set up your labeling project](setup.html).
